c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\Arbetsprov.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\dathe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\dathe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ConsoleApplication.exe
C:\Users\dathe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\dathe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ConsoleApplication.pdb
C:\Users\dathe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
